Psalm 92, a psalm, a song for the
Psalm 92, a psalm, a song for the Sabbath day.
Sabbath day.
Sabbath day. It is good to give thanks to the Lord
It is good to give thanks to the Lord
It is good to give thanks to the Lord and to sing praises to your name, oh
and to sing praises to your name, oh
and to sing praises to your name, oh most high, to declare your loving
most high, to declare your loving
most high, to declare your loving kindness in the morning, and your
kindness in the morning, and your
kindness in the morning, and your faithfulness every night on an
faithfulness every night on an
faithfulness every night on an instrument of 10 strings, on the loot
instrument of 10 strings, on the loot
instrument of 10 strings, on the loot and on the harp with harmonious sound.
and on the harp with harmonious sound.
and on the harp with harmonious sound. For you, Lord, have made me glad through
For you, Lord, have made me glad through
For you, Lord, have made me glad through your work. I will triumph in the works
your work. I will triumph in the works
your work. I will triumph in the works of your hands.
of your hands.
of your hands. Oh Lord, how great are your works. Your
Oh Lord, how great are your works. Your
Oh Lord, how great are your works. Your thoughts are very deep. A senseless man
thoughts are very deep. A senseless man
thoughts are very deep. A senseless man does not know, nor does a fool
does not know, nor does a fool
does not know, nor does a fool understand this.
understand this.
understand this. When the wicked spring up like grass,
When the wicked spring up like grass,
When the wicked spring up like grass, and when all the workers of iniquity
and when all the workers of iniquity
and when all the workers of iniquity flourish, it is that they may be
flourish, it is that they may be
flourish, it is that they may be destroyed forever.
destroyed forever.
destroyed forever. But you, Lord, are on high forever more.
But you, Lord, are on high forever more.
But you, Lord, are on high forever more. For behold, your enemies, oh Lord, for
For behold, your enemies, oh Lord, for
For behold, your enemies, oh Lord, for behold, your enemies shall perish. All
behold, your enemies shall perish. All
behold, your enemies shall perish. All the workers of iniquity shall be
the workers of iniquity shall be
the workers of iniquity shall be scattered. But my horn you have exalted
scattered. But my horn you have exalted
scattered. But my horn you have exalted like a wild ox.
like a wild ox.
like a wild ox. I have been anointed with fresh oil.
I have been anointed with fresh oil.
I have been anointed with fresh oil. My eye also has seen my desire on my
My eye also has seen my desire on my
My eye also has seen my desire on my enemies. My ears hear my desire on the
enemies. My ears hear my desire on the
enemies. My ears hear my desire on the wicked who rise up against me. The
wicked who rise up against me. The
wicked who rise up against me. The righteous shall flourish like a palm
righteous shall flourish like a palm
righteous shall flourish like a palm tree. He shall grow like a cedar in
tree. He shall grow like a cedar in
tree. He shall grow like a cedar in Lebanon.
Lebanon.
Lebanon. Those who are planted in the house of
Those who are planted in the house of
Those who are planted in the house of the Lord shall flourish in the courts of
the Lord shall flourish in the courts of
the Lord shall flourish in the courts of our God.
our God.
our God. They shall still bear fruit in old age.
They shall still bear fruit in old age.
They shall still bear fruit in old age. They shall be fresh and flourishing to
They shall be fresh and flourishing to
They shall be fresh and flourishing to declare that the Lord is upright.
declare that the Lord is upright.
declare that the Lord is upright. He is my rock and there is no
He is my rock and there is no
He is my rock and there is no unrighteousness in him.